# ARt
The concept of ARt was created based on the idea of providing the ability to use AR to interact with each art project Indigenous Art Studio class. We wanted to use markers that represented each art project in a more simplified form. For some of the projects, we wanted to allow the user to view the interaction and be involved in the piece. While for others, the app just shows basic information about the art project, its artist and the inspiration behind the work. 
When thinking of designs for the app, we wanted to represent the same style that you would find in an art gallery. Keeping things clean, modern, and light were our main focus when designing the appearance of the app itself and the logo. We designed most of the app based off of the idea of having the camera view open as the home page, so that users can immediately look for interactions as soon as they open the app.The design incorporates sliding panels to create an easy-to-use experience for the users. The design contributes to a simple, yet entertaining experience for everyone attending the art gallery. 
The front end technologies used for creating this app include HTML, CSS and Javascript. We also used Framework7 for the icons present in the app, the side panel and the navbar. JSON was used to create objects to display the data. On the back end of things we used Cordova to render the application as well as Phonegap to show the app on mobile devices. AR.js was used to implement the AR markers and interactions. 

